272 oRAT'IoNs OF

manded by Eurylochus, and next with those under the' Com-

mand of Parmenio.

ΒΗΤ wherefore repeat any other Instances? Yet in Oreum,
Philistides and Menippus and Socrates and Thoas and Agapoeus,
they who now hold the Tyranny of their Country, were once
most affive in Philip's Service. Of this the World was perfeet-
ly well informed. On the contrary, one eminent Citizen, Eu-
phraeus, (he refided some Time fince in Athens) who was anxi-

ous to vindicate his Countrymen into Freedom, and guard them
from future Servitude, how this Man was insulted, and af-
fronted, would be tedious to repeat. The [very Year before
Oreum was taken, perceiving the fatal Praetises, in which they
were engaged, he openly aceused Philistides and his Accom- ἶ
plices. The Fac-Tuon tumultuoussy gathers together, and hav—
ing Philip to lead the Band, and to supply the Expences of the
Specstacle, and being wholly governed by his Counsels, they
violently hurty Euphraeus into the common Prison, as a sediti-
ous Disturber of the public Tranquility. Yet the People of
Oreum, though they beheld this Outrage, instead of affisting
him, and crueifying his Oppress‘ors, were not moved with the
least Indigna-„tion against them, but declared his Punishment ex-
tremely just, and even rejoiced in his Afflifflon. Soon after
the TraytorS, having gained the Power they defired, urged all
their Schemes that the Ciry might be taken, and at last effec-

tually

